>> Brian Holt: So we concluded making
all of our Async with redux work.
And now we have this really cool ability
to come navigate under our site and
make API request, cache them and
then not re-request them,
which I think is pretty compelling.
So again, you just see that it just pops
up right away, which I think is great.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is the kind of the most simple way
of doing asynchronous actions with Redux.
Again you can get into libraries,
like Redux promise is another one that
I find very intuitive to use that you,
instead of dispatching functions
you dispatch promises, right?
Same thing with redux observable, you
just dispatch an observable with RXJS or
something like that.
And then sagas is kinda the heavy lifter.
It's really cool, but I would assert
that it's much more complicated and
most difficult to kinda
get your mind around.
So if you're familiar,
ES6 has another feature called generators.
Which are really cool,
they're really powerful, but they can be
a bit unwieldy and kind of difficult to
understand what's going on sometimes.
With sagas you can just dispatch
generators and take care of things and
kind of complex orchestrations
using various generators.
So it's cool, but
make sure you want to undertake that
complexity if you gonna use them.
But suffice to say, thunks usually
handle most of your use cases,
that's why I tend to stick with them.
So does anyone have any questions
about Redux in general?
>> Speaker 2: I was curious,
the persistent data that you get between
pages, can you do that with React still,
or is that Redux specific?
>> Brian Holt: The answer is you
can absolutely do it with React.
But you're gonna have to have basically
something on the side holding onto that
data, right?
If you unmount data, right?
It's going to, or
if you unmount the reactive component,
it's going to lose all of it's state.
So, it can't live in that state, however,
if it's living up at the app level, right?
App is still technically being rendered,
so if you push that up into app, right?
It's going to persist
across different views,
because it's still alive,
it's still being rendered.
So that's how you would achieve that.
The good news here is we
are done with application code,
everything else I'm gonna show you
from here on out is just more tools,
more techniques, right?
Tests, all that kind of stuff but
now you pretty much have, I would deem,
a full grasp on how to write React,
and how to write at least the basic
levels of Redux, not getting
into the crazy stuff like that.
There are still more facts of it
that we heven't really explored.
But sufficed to say that I have shown you,
I would say 90% of use cases
on both React and Redux.
So I would say armed with the knowledge
that I've shown you over the past two and
a half days you can write large
scale React applications.
And I think that's pretty awesome
that React is small enough and
intuitive enough, at least I deem
intuitive enough that you really
can learn it in two and a half days.